Root of the Google App Engine application
=========================================

This folder is the root folder of www.fireworksproject.com as it exists on
Google App Engine. This folder and the children under it contain the actual
code that runs this application and are the only things that GAE cares about.
You can run this web application on your local dev_appserver by pointing it at
this directory (as long as it contains app.yaml). Have a look at the
[Google documentation](http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/tools/devserver.html)
before getting started.

There are several directories in this directory which contain third party
libraries which are not maintained by The Fireworks Project and may be licensed
under different terms. These include:

* `werkzeug/`: The WSGI utility
* `openid/`: The OpenID federated authentication library for Python.
* `beaker/`: The WSGI session management utility.

Important files in this folder include:
---------------------------------------
* app.yaml : The configuration file for the app.
* request.py : Which handles all incoming requests not served by static files.
* index.yaml : Which configures the indexes on the datastore.
(! index.yaml is automatically generated by the dev_appserver and should not be
modified by hand unless you really know what you are doing.)

Your next stop should be to `/google-app-engine/app.yaml`, which is the
application configuration file. Or you could have a look at `request.py`
instead. Both are good places to start hacking on the code.

Copyright and License
---------------------
copyright: (c) 2009 - 2010 by Fireworks Technology Projects Inc.

Unless otherwise indicated, all source code is licensed under the MIT license.
See MIT-LICENSE for details.

And, unless otherwise indicated, all content, including written copy and images
but not including source code, is licensed under a Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license. All derivatives of this content
must be attributed to
["The Fireworks Project"](http://www.fireworksproject.com/). See
[creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)
for more details.


